.TH "ARTSC-CONFIG" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
artsc-config \(em Get information about a libartsc installation 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBartsc-config\fR [\fB\-\-arts-prefix\fI\fR\fP]  [\fB\-\-arts-version\fI\fR\fP]  [\fB\-\-cflags\fI\fR\fP]  [\fB\-\-libs\fI\fR\fP]  [\fB\-\-version\fI\fR\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
\fBartsc-config\fR command. 
.PP 
\fBartsc-config\fR displays information about a previous libartsc installation. 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, 
with long options starting with two dashes (`\-').  A summary of 
options is included below. 
.IP "\fB\-\-arts-prefix\fP         " 10 
This is the prefix used when libartsc was installed. 
.IP "\fB\-\-arts-version\fP         " 10 
Outputs version information about the installed arts. 
.IP "\fB\-\-cflags\fP         " 10 
Set of compiler options (CFLAGS) to use when compiling files that use libartsc. 
.IP "\fB\-\-libs\fP         " 10 
Shows the complete set of libs and other linker options you will need in order to link your application with libartsc. 
.IP "\fB\-\-version\fP         " 10 
Outputs version information about the installed libartsc. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Chris Cheney 
<ccheney@debian.org> for the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by 
others).  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or 
modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public 
License, Version 2 or any later version published by the Free 
Software Foundation. 
 
.PP 
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General 
Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL. 
 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man 
